docs: translate cbdb overview from zh to en (#8)
cloudberrydb/cloudberrydb-site: docs/cbdb-overview.md

- Strong syntax compatibility: Cloudberry offers superior usability and functionality compared to Hive, the SQL engine on Hadoop. Its user-friendly approach makes it more accessible for both novice and experienced users.
- Comprehensive tooling: Cloudberry boasts a comprehensive suite of tools, eliminating the need for extensive tool customization. This makes it an ideal solution for large-scale data warehouse projects, saving time and effort for users.
- Flexible deployment: Cloudberry supports flexible deployment options, including the traditional hardware deployment, as well as the multi-cloud and cross-cloud deployments.
- Cloudberry provides comprehensive support for diverse data types, formats, and storage media. Its flexibility ensures it can effectively meet the various requirements of users.

This manual focuses on introducing the product architecture and the underlying mechanisms of Cloudberry Database's internal modules, and highlights their significance for users.

## Product architecture

> In most cases, Cloudberry Database is similar to PostgreSQL in terms of SQL support, functionality, configuration options, and end-user capabilities. The interactive experience of users with Cloudberry Database is very close to the interaction with stand-alone PostgreSQL.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Cloudberry Database is similar to PostgreSQL in most ways. It supports the same SQL commands, has the same features, and can be configured in the same way. Users can interact with Cloudberry Database in a similar way to how they interact with PostgreSQL.
```

> Cloudberry Database uses MPP (Massively Parallel Processing) architecture technology to store and process vast amounts of data by distributing data and workloads across multiple servers or hosts.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Cloudberry Database uses a technology known as Massively Parallel Processing (MPP) to handle a large amount of data. It spreads the data and tasks across many different servers or hosts.
```

> MPP, also known as a shared-nothing architecture, refers to a system consisting of multiple hosts that collaborate to execute operations. Each host has its own processor, memory, disk, network resources, and operating system. Cloudberry Database leverages this high-performance system architecture to efficiently distribute the workload of massive data and fully utilize all system resources in parallel for query processing.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
MPP is also referred to as a shared-nothing architecture. It is a system where many servers work together, each with its own processor, memory, disk, network resources, and operating system. Cloudberry Database uses this high-performance system to evenly distribute large data tasks and use all the system's resources simultaneously for processing queries.
```

> From a user's perspective, Cloudberry Database is a comprehensive Relational Database Management System (RDBMS). At the physical level, it contains multiple PostgreSQL instances. To achieve efficient division of labor and cooperation among multiple independent PostgreSQL instances, Cloudberry Database implements distributed clustering in data storage, computation, communication, and management. Cloudberry Database encapsulates all the intricate distributed details, providing users with a unified logical database. This encapsulation significantly simplifies the work of developers and operations personnel.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To the user, Cloudberry Database looks like a full-featured Relational Database Management System (RDBMS). But inside, it is made up of multiple PostgreSQL instances. Cloudberry Database uses a feature called distributed clustering to help these PostgreSQL instances work together efficiently. This approach applies to data storage, computations, communications, and management. Cloudberry Database hides the complex details of this distributed setup, giving users a single, logical database view. This simplifies the tasks for developers and operations staff.
```

The architecture diagram of Cloudberry Database is shown below: [Insert Architecture Diagram]

![Cloudberry architecture](./media/cbdb-arch.png)

> HashData is comprised of the following components:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Cloudberry Database is comprised of the following components:
```

- The **master** serves as the gateway to Cloudberry Database. It handles client connections and SQL queries, and distributes tasks to segment instances. Users interact with Cloudberry Database by connecting to the master using client programs (such as psql) or application programming interfaces (APIs) like JDBC, ODBC, or the libpq PostgreSQL C API.

>     - The master acts as the global system directory, containing a set of system tables that hold metadata of Cloudberry Database. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - The master acts as the global system directory, containing a set of system tables that record the metadata of Cloudberry Database. 
```

>     - The master doesn't store any user data. User data is exclusively stored on segment instances.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - The master does not store any user data. User data is only stored on segment instances.
```

>     - The master performs client connection authentication, processes SQL commands, distributes workload among segments, coordinates the results returned by each segment, and presents the final results to the client program.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - The master performs authentication for client connections, processes SQL commands, distributes workload among segments, coordinates the results returned by each segment, and presents the final results to the client program.
```

>     - Cloudberry Database utilizes Write-Ahead Logging (WAL) for master/standby mirroring. In WAL-based logging, all modifications are logged before they are written to disk to ensure data integrity for any in-process operations.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - Cloudberry Database uses Write-Ahead Logging (WAL) for master/standby mirroring. In WAL-based logging, all modifications are logged before they are written to disk to ensure data integrity for any in-process operations.
```

- The **segment** instances are independent Postgres processes. Each segment stores a specific portion of the data and handles the corresponding queries. When a user connects to the database through the master and submits a query request, processes are created on each segment to handle the query. User-defined tables and their indexes are distributed across the available segments, and each data node contains distinct portions of the data. The processes of data processing runs in the corresponding segment. Users interact with segments through the master, and the segment operate on servers known as the segment host.

    Typically, a segment host runs 2 to 8 segment instances, depending on the processor, memory, storage, network interfaces and workload. Balancing the configuration of segment hosts is critical because Cloudberry Database achieves optimal performance by evenly distributing data and workload among segments, allowing all segments to initiate and complete tasks simultaneously.

> - The **interconnection** serves as the network layer in the Cloudberry Database system architecture. It refers to the network infrastructure on which the communication of the master and segments depends, using a standard Ethernet switching structure.

Reviewer: 用 interconnect 会不会更好？参考 https://docs.vmware.com/en/VMware-Greenplum/6/greenplum-database/admin_guide-intro-arch_overview.html#about-the-greenplum-interconnect

>     For performance reasons, a 10 GB or faster network is recommended. By default, the interconnection module communicates using the UDP protocol with flow control (UDPIFC) to send messages over the network. Cloudberry Database performs packet validation beyond what UDP offers, which means reliability of Cloudberry equivalent to using the TCP protocol, and performance and scalability exceeds that of TCP. If the interconnection is changed to the TCP protocol instead, Cloudberry Database's scalability is limited to 1000 segments. However, this restriction does not apply when UDPIFC is used as the default protocol.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    For performance reasons, a 10 GB or faster network is recommended. By default, the interconnection module communicates using the UDP protocol with flow control (UDPIFC) to send messages over the network. Cloudberry Database performs packet validation beyond what UDP offers, which means that the reliability of Cloudberry Database is equivalent to using the TCP protocol, and the performance and scalability exceed that of TCP. If the interconnection is changed to the TCP protocol instead, Cloudberry Database's scalability is limited to 1000 segments. However, this restriction does not apply when UDPIFC is used as the default protocol.
```

- Cloudberry Database uses Multiversion Concurrency Control (MVCC) to ensure data consistency. When querying the database, each transaction sees only a snapshot of the data, which ensures that the current transaction does not see other transactions modifying the same records. Accordingly, MVCC provides transaction isolation for every database transaction.

>     MVCC minimizes lock contention to ensure performance in multi-user environments by avoiding explicit locking for database transactions. One significant advantage of MVCC over locks is that read and write operations do not conflict, and they never block each other.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    MVCC minimizes lock contention to ensure performance in multi-user environments by avoiding explicit locking for database transactions. One remarkable advantage of MVCC over locks is that read and write operations do not conflict, and they never block each other.
```

## Data loading

> Cloudberry Database supports massive parallel and persistent data loading through external table technology, and enables automatic conversion between character sets such as GBK and UTF8. Based on the MPP architecture, the Scatter-Gather Streaming<sup>TM</sup> technology provides linear expansion of performance. CBDB supports a variety of storage media such as external file servers, Hive, Hbase, HDFS, S3 and various file formats such as CSV, Text, JSON, ORC, Parquet, and supports compressed data file loading such as Zip. CBDB is used by DataStage, Informatica, Kettle for ETL tool integration.

Reviewer: 请避免使用 CBDB，尽量使用全名 Cloudberry Database。
